Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session!
Please welcome the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Alright, thank you. Thank you so much for last minute comp-trolling.
Oh, thank you for having me, Dan.
You're old hat at this now.
I love comp-trolling. It's like my favorite thing.
I'm sorry I didn't even hear that you called my name.
I thought people were just excited that the show was happening.
I usually wait to see if they're excited for me to be here.
Yeah, please welcome this fucking guy.
B-BJ Black Basilits!
This fucking guy is here too.
From Castle Wolfenstein.
Oh yeah, that's what Hitler wanted us to look like.
That's a huge compliment. Do not take that the wrong way.
It is.
You are very handsome.
You're very handsome.
You look like Duke Nukem.
That is, yeah.
Did you know that Duke Nukem is related to B.J. Blazkowicz from the...
What? No way!
Yeah.
Are you serious?
They're in the canon of video game stuff.
Okay, this is very deep.
I just want to say a couple of things.
Yeah.
Just a couple of things.
Great.
You can keep the bullet train moving.
The San Diego thing we talked about last week.
So the sexual harassment, the cosplay thing?
Yes.
And I don't think we touched upon it last week.
I don't know if it was a thing last week.
It's...
They touched upon it there.
No, we touched upon it a lot.
Is that your joke?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is the audience...
They're small minds.
They're very easily...
It's that kind of dot connecting that makes sexual harassment happen.
You guys are worse than sexual harassers.
Yeah.
I don't know if we mentioned the young lady who's become the poster child of cosplay,
sexual harassment.
She got...
Well, we thought that she'd gotten attacked.
And I don't... And I kind of want to sidestep.
Because I don't...
Of course.
Yeah.
Like whether or not she...
I don't know.
Because other podcasts talk about that.
I just...
I only narcissistically wanted to talk about that incident for one reason,
which is that there was this one article, and I can't remember what publication it was,
but one of the Rick and Morty writers pulled it out and said,
there's this huge article about cosplay and sexual assault and harassment,
and a terrible article outlining the whole thing and terrible darkness, darkness,
cosplay, sexual assault, cosplay, sexual assault, cosplay, sexual assault.
And at the bottom of the article, there's just kind of the equivalent of some stock photography
of some people cosplaying.
It was the couple that dressed as Mr. Meeseeks at the...
No such thing as bad press.
It's just great to have stuff out there.
You can't control how it gets out there.
It was the weirdest sensation of my life, cos I'm like,
I'm a nerd, and this girl got hurt, or didn't she, or whatever.
When I was talking about this thing, it was like,
oh shit, that's gonna pump us up, like 1.7.
Alright.
There's Frank.
I don't think that's his name.
Nope.
It's not.
I just ran out with the vodka bucket.
People are just running out on stage this show.
Day late, dollar short.
Okay, there was a homeless guy in the Starburns parking lot, apparently,
and I was really bummed out because I was working late at Starburns, the animation studio,
and our writer's assistant, Adam, got a call from a PA who said,
I walked out, there was a guy, he's parked on this spot,
and he's got a blanket over him, and I don't know what's going on,
I called the non-emergency police line.
Is it 3-1-1?
I don't know, 9-1-0?
Okay.
It's not quite 9-1-1, back it off.
9-1 less than 1.
I was like, okay, I guess that's, I don't know,
and then we walked out the back, and there were three squad cars,
and I was a homeless kid who obviously just wanted a safe place to sleep,
and I'm part of the problem.
And I'm living with that, and I thought if I said it to these kids, I could somehow gain something.
You're not going to get to him, though, this message,
because he probably doesn't listen to podcasts.
No, his life is probably fucking ruined now.
He maybe could have, with one night's safe sleep in my parking lot,
he could have fucking, like, gained a foothold,
and I came down on him like a fucking, like, I didn't even know I was doing it.
I'm part of the problem.
All right, enough of that.
Wedding planning is fun.
Is it?
Some of these segues are rough, dude.
When you wedding plan, you get to make a whole list
of all the people you've ever known in your entire life
and do nothing with the person you love,
but talk shit about all of them.
It's almost worth getting married.
Even if you don't really love someone,
I recommend getting married,
because there's so much shit you could get to do.
Just like deciding, like, I don't know, these people.
This is just a fun activity to just make a list of everyone
you've ever known in your whole life and be like, fuck them.
That does have to be satisfying.
Then there's a bunch of shit I wrote while I was high
at Sarah Silverman's party.
This is serious warning shit.
Well, this is symptomatic.
Oh, shit, what did I...
I'm reading my Evernote notepad.
This is when I was at a party of a friend of ours
on a rooftop overlooking Los Angeles.
This is when I typed into my notepad.
For you kids, should I get high, Dan?
I don't know. Do you want to think like this?
I'm not cutting any corners.
I'm not sanding any edges.
This is what I wrote.
Hydrophilic and hydrophobic.
Duality between being good at being between people
and being good at being between people and whatever is beyond.
It should just say, don't smoke pot. This is a PSN.
Please read that again.
I want to try and make sense of it.
Hydrophilic and hydrophobic.
Duality between...
On board so far.
Being good at being between people.
I just left.
I think I know what I meant. I can tell you what I meant.
And being good at being...
So one side is being good at being between people.
The other side is being good at being between people
and whatever is beyond.
Oh, you're a people person or not?
You're either the membrane of a cell
or you're the endoplasmic reticulum.
And you didn't feel like the membrane last night?
I was a membrane because I was out in the fucking rail.
I was looking out over at LA and I was like,
Yeah, entourage! What the fuck?
I don't know what happened to me.
One of the guys from entourage was there.
Probably.
No, he was. I saw him.
And you were there and I didn't see you.
But a guy from Futurama...
We spoke for a while.
I, earlier tonight, apologized to you for walking away from you
and you must have thought I was a crazy person
because you don't remember talking to me at all.
There were people walking up to me all night.
I was up against the rail.
There were people constantly walking up to me
and saying the nicest things to me
and I would talk for five minutes
and then they would go,
Okay, cool.
I'm going to go talk to Bill Maher.
I was Charles Manson at that party.
I was just...
I'm not bragging.
It didn't sound like a bragging.
I was Charles Manson.
I don't want to...
I don't want to be horned, but...
I may or may not have rallied some
profligate youth into a few homicidal sprees.
Here's the other paragraph I wrote.
And then I have a little birthday present for you.
I know it's not your birthday, but you're getting older,
like all of us.
Is that the present?
A reminder of mortality.
This is the next paragraph I wrote.
Well, like the girl in the cold open of lethal weapon one,
I was like fucking over a rail
to the point where people were tweeting,
I think Dan Harmon is going to kill himself tonight.
I'm flattered.
I wrote this into my Evernote pad.
A question of significance, period.
A topographic map of significance, period.
Everything has an attribute, comma.
Every attribute is numerical.
That means every society
has a weighted numerical amount of significance
and every element of that society is significant
to the extent that it affects the significance
of that society.
Good morning, sober Dan.
You have one message from...
Hi, Dan.
I gotta say, for some reason,
that sounded racist to me.
Really? You think the bottom line of that is
don't trust black people?
You're going to use that to justify some shit.
Alright, so I have a special present for you.
Yeah, I know you love music.
Yeah, I know you love... I know you love fame.
I love fame, I love music.
Those are my favorite things.
I want you to tell me, Dan,
you can't have famous people at Harmontown.
Is it a show for famous people to come out?
No, this isn't the show for famous people to come out.
Challenge me, challenge me.
There's no way you have anybody huge on the show tonight.
Fuck you! Tenacious D, get out here!
Can't you do the first part of it?
No.
Can't you see he's the man?
Let me hear you applaud.
He is more than the man.
He's a shiny golden god.
If you think it's time to fucking rock
and fucking roll out of control
well then you know you got to rock the block
you fucking suck, you fucking cock
cause when you rule, you fucking fool
all of them fools and other chews
cause if you think it's time to...
If you think it's time to...
If you think it's time to fucking rock
he is going to take your fucking ass
and you know his name is Hylgas
rocking and fucking rolling
and fucking rocking and fucking rolling
and fucking rolling and fucking rolling
Jack Black and Kyle Gass, they're leaving. There's probably some stuff if
your fans are there, you should probably, you might want to know about some
stuff they're doing, I think, and I don't quite know what it is. Festival Supreme?
Yeah, FestivalSupreme.com, they're doing this festival on October 25th,
downtown LA, amazing people are on it, obviously those guys are on it, I'm on it,
but like there's like huge, huge awesome people on it, and I kind of think of one
person right now. Do you know when it is, how they can see it, what it is?
October.com.org? It's October, I just said all that, but I'll say it again. I'm drunk.
October, October 25th, go to FestivalSupreme.com, get tickets, it's
downtown LA, it's a huge, huge amazing festival, like Fred Armisen's doing
something, Bill Hader is doing something, the workaholics guys are gonna be there.
Are you? I am, I'm gonna, yes, I will be there. We spoke last night, it's, I was this close to
jumping down. You aren't, you didn't, you didn't really consider that. I can't think about it,
sometimes. I did Bill Maher, I met Bill Maher last night, and I literally got
tongue-tied. I, he said hi to me, and I couldn't get the words out, because I'm so
scared of him. Because you, you were afraid you're gonna be like, you're fucking
dick! No comment. I was just, I was just very intimidated. I admire him too. I,
he's a very distinct face, and I saw Bill Maher hanging out. Yeah. And probably, he
doesn't care that I mentioned that he was smoking a joint, like it was just
a weird, it was just walking around a party. I was like, Bill Maher, it's like weird to see
a famous face. Hey, Kumail, do you think, do you, would you liken me to like a
star fucker? Do you, do you think? No dude. There's no stars, I mean ten
nations need, that was a fucking food. Do you think that this show is suffering?
Because it has celebrities? Is that what you think? No, no. So you just want to
hang out and talk to me. You don't think that famous people coming up on the show
is important? I think it really sells the show out, so I hope you have nobody else's
famous people. Fuck you, Dana Carvey's here! Fuck you!
Isn't that fucking special? Yeah! Could it be Satan, you bitches? I'm trying to get hip.
Where do I sit? You sit anywhere you want. Well, there's a mic for every chair. Thank
you very much. This is in the way. Anyway, thanks for coming. I, and Dan
Harmon, thank you. Thank you. Kumail. This is, I just want, could we, could you guys
get a little closer? Is there any way to get them a little closer? Because I don't
feel as connected as I would within that far away. Is there any way to scooch up?
Just a little bit? You're used to the SNL days where they were in a like a
hyperbaric chamber. Yes, in L days. What are you saying, Dan? Orbiting a like space
shuttle and then your stages would rotate. It was, it was nothing. You'd be
sitting in a chair like this and then there'd be like five seconds and then
the red light would come on and you knew there were 20 million people and the
cue cards were not properly placed and you had to improvise. Are you nervous yet?
What year did you start? 1947. How do I look this good?
No, you look fucking great. I don't want to be that guy. I think I love you. No, I was 86. 86.
So when I was, when I was a kid, when I talked to people, I've had, I've been
fortunate enough to have a career path where I have friends who have written an
SNL and have been an SNL. Yeah. And it's like, okay, institutional comedy is stupid
and bullshit. Right. Why would, how could that ever be funny? Yes. And then at the
same time, it's like, holy shit, I'm walking down the halls or there's a
poster of, there's a John Belushi's headshot is on the wall, etc. And SNL
has endured. It's the only comedic institution that we have in this
country that's lasted as long as it has. Well, what I did does seem very old
fashion now and it did become, when I did the show in 96 with Stephen Colbert and
Steve Carell, you guys familiar? The Dana Carvey sketch show. By that point, we
thought it, I discovered that it was really considered corny and hack to have
a character with a catchphrase that you would repeat, you know, but they're hard
to come by. I mean, well, isn't that special? My God. No, and you, yeah, once you
fucking resonate, you don't, you don't back away from that. No, you, you, you, you
are a people pleaser. Like you, I want to destroy the audience. I need to have, I
need, you know, but condescension is still funny to me, even though the character
is so hacky, a guy in drag and notice it was, you know, it was, I didn't have fake
tits or anything. First of all, it's not hacky. It was very specific and it's, it's
still very, very funny. Well, well, well, that's easy for you to say. My boner just
started. Condescension is funny and she's the ultimate patronizing. It starts
with we. We like ourselves. Don't we? We did a show called community. Now it's on a
thing called, you know, it's just, it's a, it's a sausage factory that you can work
through any attitude. I realized later that I am passive aggressive, a nice
passive aggressive guy. And a lot of my characters were just passive aggressive,
you know, so like, they're, they're, they're, explain how Hans and Franz are
passive aggressive. Like, well, first of all, when we did them, you know, obviously
it was born on Arnold and this and that Kevin and I were touring with Dennis
Miller. So we saw Arnold on TV and we loved how he was, he always wins Arnold
Schwarzenegger. Everything is organized. So this is what he said, you know, you're
on the road and you get to a hotel. I'm just quoting. I know the voice is fun.
I can do it. They're happy. I'm happy. All right. You do the stairs. You break a
light sweat and you, you take a light shower and you put on a light white
cotton shirt and, and you're ready for the evening. We thought that was so cool.
We repeated it for weeks and weeks and then we came up with the sort of
mentally deficient cousins. And when we first came out with the padding, the
audience expected us to be super strong and lift up and they soon found out we
were never going to lift weights. We were paranoid and delusional and we were
fighting imaginary enemies. We were just stoked about fitness. Yeah, if you don't
think, yeah, but we were, there was that imaginary enemy. If you doubt us, if you
think that we are not properly pumped up men, we could, you know, stretch the
flab of your back into the shape of a ladder and you could crawl back down in
the sewer because that's where losers live. So that was the whole, so it had a
cartoon artifice. I never connected the dot that the church lady and Hansen
Frans, they're, that's the thing they have in common is that they're, they're
inactive. They are passive aggressive. Yeah, and they, I am developing a
church lady Hansen Frans cartoon adventure movie. I had a booze at Comic-Con and
nothing. Camille, why so quiet? My teeth are vibrating from excitement. I fucking
love you. Come here. Let me tell you, man. You are something very special, my
friend. Yeah, so anyway, that was that. You're sitting over there with your thing.
It's fun to do. Everyone does it. You're all, all of your impressions are, everyone
flocks to do them. You're, no one knew how to do an impression of George Bush
until you did it. I went to school the next day. I told you backstage like I, I
was in sophomore year. I remember, I could tell you the color of the walls. I
could tell you what was on the jockstraps on the floor when I gained respect from
the guys that would have otherwise been beating me up because I did my huge
air quotes. My impression of Jimmy Stewart. Oh, Jimmy Stewart. I thought you're
going because I watched and you had done your as I and then the jocks would go
like, Hey, Harmon, do do Jimmy Stewart. They don't know what Jimmy Stewart is. Neither
did I. Right. I knew that you, but you've seen it's a wonderful life, right? No,
no. Absolutely not. Can we hear your version? Oh, I can't get my locker open. How do you do yours?
I worked that thing for 20 years. There's nothing funnier and a visceral comic sense
than Jimmy Stewart swearing. So my first bit ever in the 70s in college, you know,
doing stand up in these shit box clubs, something familiar. Anyway, I'm doing
with him Shatner. Anyway, it was like Jimmy Stewart is a waiter. Yeah. Yeah. So do
you know what you want to order? Because you want to go slow. Yeah. So you don't
know what you want to order. So you're gonna, you're gonna make me wait. Well,
fuck you. It's always funny, right? It's only funny when you do it. I mean, you did
a million of those things and like we fucking stood on your shoulders. I would
go to high school every day and I would be the funny guy in high school because
I did impressions of your impressions. Well, I copied Jimmy Carter from Dan
Eckroyd. I used to record it on the TV and stuff, but you know, because a lot of
times I didn't have your relationship with SNL when you were like, how old were
you in 1975? Was that when you didn't know basis? But I was. Don't ask, don't tell.
Why is this white? I need some pepper. No, I was 20. So I was 21, 22, 23, 24,
whatever. And it was this new show. It was a variety show for hippies. And they were
badass pirates. To me, you know, John Belushi and Bill Murray and those guys,
they would beat you up or make you laugh, you know? So I was completely in all of
the show and I auditioned for it three times for you guys out there and women
were trying to get on the show. Meaning that two times you went out there to
New York, you stood on the stage in front of and I've talked to people. No. No,
mine was one of the worst ever. Get this, okay? The comedy store. Saturday Night Live
people are out there. It's like 84, two years before I got the show. One comic
after another, no MC, just and now somebody from. So at midnight, this
comedian named Sam Kenneson goes up in his prime, who I thought was maybe the
best standup ever, arguably the best standup ever, destroys dismantles,
levitates the room. I'm off the side and now it's Dana Flungam with somebody, you
know, I go up and go in that festival, then that dead silence. I'll never be
on Saturday Night Live. Isn't that special? Isn't that special? Isn't that special? I don't know.
When are people going to realize how special everything is? In desperation, I went,
well, fuck you. And I still didn't get the show. So I didn't, you know. So you
stopped me in the middle of that, like you go out, when you auditioned for
SNL, you go out to New York, you go out on a stage, there is absolutely no, from
what I've heard, there are eight people sitting in the back of a dark room.
They're instructed not to laugh. There are video cameras pointed at you
everywhere and you know, because you've walked past the writer's room on your
way to the audition, you fully know that there is a feed to the writer's room.
You can see that there is a room full of sarcastic snarky writers who are
watching every audition in their own room. You walk past that reality and walk
out onto a dark stage under the thrust. And Lauren, I realized later, wanted to
test you, because I'm bombing out there. I was doing Chomping Broccoli on the
piano and doing these things. And then there was a pause. It was Lauren and like
Nora Dunn and three other people. And Lauren said, oh, do you have anything else
that we could see? Is there anything? Or are you just going to do that?
And I realized, are you just going to keep chopping broccoli?
Isn't the broccoli chopped at this point? At this point, I would think you could
fucking chop broccoli. I'd say the broccoli would be diced at this point.
So it's like, he was testing to see when the red light went on, if you wouldn't
just go, you know. Meltdown, what do you mean by that though, really?
Well, literally, well, the meltdown wouldn't be so much that you just cry and go off.
But it would be that you would stumble bum, because they're flipping credit cards.
He was betting for people who are good at auditioning, as opposed to people who
could be part of a live show. Yeah, you know, the first three years, it's just
ridiculous. I mean, you see how people go out there. You don't really know. It's
in the cards. You don't know your lines. The show's under rehearse. You don't want
to look like you're reading the cue card. So, like, if I was doing a scene with
you, and it's like, hey, let's go get some milk. I know there's a card over there.
So I didn't want to just do this split thing. God forbid. So I'd go, let's go
for milk. And then I would kind of look over there for my next line, grab it, come
back, you know. And Phil Hartman was the best at that. They were testing for
that in the audition. No, well, let me back up one story that's a little
interesting. So I auditioned at the comedy store in the Improv. I always
bombed. I didn't get SNL. It came around again in 86. Rosie O'Donnell was playing
Igby's on the West Side, 100 seat club, kind of like this, small. I called, I didn't
know Rosie, but I said, can I go to, can I go there and audition for the show?
Because Lauren Michaels was going to see me. So she allowed me to come in and do
like 40 minutes in a room like this. And Lauren showed up. Remember, I'm not on
TV. I'm scared. It's Saturday Night Live with Cher. And the president of the
network at the time. So it's just like, I was just so scared and so nervous, but it
was a regular audience like this. I did okay. That really helped me get the show.
Did you talk to Cher? No, I never really liked her. So you probably don't have like
a really good Cher impression. No, I never worked on Cher. Do you want to hear mine?
Yeah. I don't know. I like it. It's based on someone else's half-breed. Oh, yeah.
You can't have a Cher impression without Christmas lights. How about Jimmy Stewart explains the
banking crisis? Because all I ever knew about banking was from It's a Wonderful Life. Mr. Potter,
there's a run on the bank, you know, kind of thing. So here's what they did. You see,
Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, they took the bad mortgages and they packaged them into
an investment vehicle, kind of like a security set. Then they got moody to put four stars
on them, an S&P, you know, and they sold them to investors, but they knew they were bad.
So they did a thing, they shorted them, so they bet against them while they sold them.
So if they lose, they win. If they win, they win. And you all put together, well, fuck
you. Okay, now, this is the first time I've understood the housing crisis. I never fucking
paid attention. You know what? Now I'm like, those fuckers. It really is kind of that simple.
It feels like you're in a taking request mode. So I'll do and say whatever. I'm not going
to make you do anything. I'll do and say whatever. But I would only say that it would be interesting
to hear what would happen if Ted Kennedy... Ted Kennedy! When I returned, Mary Jo and
the call were gone. If Ted Kennedy got into a hotel room and found out that Kirk Douglas
had the same hotel room and that they, because they both, the hotel was overbooked. Can I
do it with Burt Lancaster? Okay, right. Burt Lancaster is there too. I did a movie with
Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas. Years later, I learned to do them and I don't really like
blue humor in the sense of anal penetration and cheese. Okay, I hate that. But I like
the old fashioned vernacular applied to sexual situations. So this is Burt Lancaster and Kirk
Douglas two male macho superstar icons as lovers. Here we go. This is what made John
Lovitz throw up in a parking lot. You mean because he was laughing so hard. Not to pat
yourself on the back, but John Lovitz... John loves this. John's Burt Lancaster, Kirk
Douglas. I want you. I want you very bad. It doesn't mean we're gay. We're two men having
fun. I'm inside you now. I want you inside me and I need you. I want all of it. I don't
want just his stem. I don't want it all. All right, son, slow down. Don't keep bucking
around like that. You keep bucking around like that. I got to pull out and splooge all over
your backside. It's the poetry. Can't do this on Fallon. I love Jimmy though. You did chopping
broccoli on Fallon and fucking everyone went wild because chopping broccoli is the comedic
version of Dancing in the Dark. You're the Bruce Springsteen of comedy. It was Jimmy's
idea to do it with an orchestra this last time. I don't know if you saw it, but I only
did it once on SNL and I did it the very first show right before the end. You did it in your
stand-up special, right? That's what I find special. Yeah, but I only did it once on SNL.
I don't know why I resonate. It's so stupid. I think there's a ton of people in this audience
probably. I think the median age is probably 25 and I think that probably without doing
a lot of math, I think that puts them around the age. When I was 10 years old, Martin Short
was like, yeah, that's how I learned about comedy. I think the irony is that actually
in SNL terms, Lauren Michaels wasn't even there. Those were the Embersol years. No,
not that year. I love the Martin Short. But I was like, holy shit, Martin Short is the
fucking, and I would just go to grade school and I would do. At Grimly? Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
And I would do everything that Martin Short did. That's, and my hackness extended to high
school. I was still, then I was doing you. I was going, oh, I'm going to be in a store.
Can I go? Can I be on a date with you? Not going to do it. I'm not going to drive at this
juncture. Will you be on a date with me? And it was all you. Did you do John Travolta or
Robin Leach? Did you do some of the other stuff? I'm Robin. Did you do John Travolta?
They're all kind of. I want a Christmas tree with lights. I'm Robin Leach and I'm yelling
and I don't know why. Now, that is really an 80s reference. I'm Robin Leach and I was
one of a life and I'm going to pump you up. I would just do that. It's very good. Let
me tell you, this is Regis Filbert. I'm 87 years old, baby. I love Regis. I love what
you have going on here, Dad Slavitt or whatever your name is, Daddy Flopla. And Farnel, you're
terrific. Farnel! When you get your green card, you can call me. You're terrific. Anyway,
I love you all. You're cover card people. It's a wonderful rhythm to do. You just,
you take Groucho Marx and slow it down, you know? Pick a singer what and divide it up
on you. Pick a singer what and divide it up on you. Pick a singer what and divide it up
on you. He's doing Groucho with a nasal a little bit faster. So, hopefully kids are
enjoying these. Got it. Got it. Do it. I don't want to keep you.
Mine are great. Mine are great. Can I ask you a question? When did you know you could
do Impressions? I feel like there's a certain, certain people are just good at them and certain
people are just bad at them and in the good part, obviously some people are better than
others. You're fantastic. When did you realize you could do that?
That I could alter my voice. Literally, really, it was when we had a, the Beatles came on
Ed Sullivan. I was nine years old and we had a Collier's Encyclopedia LP where the Beatles
were being interviewed. So, the first altering of my voice when I was nine years old, and
I had three older brothers and a younger sister, was I was able, I was able, you know, and
I'll do, I'll do the bit, you know, it's like I go out to my mom, you know, after the Beatles
are on, I go, you, hello mom, do you think I could get me some pancakes?
It's like a very musical. Yeah. So, that was the first voice.
You've been getting fucking pancakes ever since. And it's still, you know, I do these
for myself sometimes. I mean, it's very comforting to be in this persona, you know. Here we are,
you have a little gooby-gooby. I mean, it's, it's very, because McCartney is the most humble
genius in the world, you know, he won't go, you go, Paul, I just want to say, you know,
I, you know, we did some plunkers, you know, John would get a guitar and we'd face each
other and we're plunking, you know, and I'm looking at him, he's looking at me and we're
plunking away. And that's how we came up with Abbey Rose, but it's a comfortable, yeah.
And I do it for myself. This is not a joke. George Bush Sr., that robotic, monosyllabic
thing is comforting for me because I tend to, tend toward anxiety. But like I, he would
say, he'd go, well, Camille, there, sidekick, nice mic, quick-witted audience there, just
sodas, comic area, Dan Harmon, writer, superb, community, yahoo, money. It's just, we can
just say thank you, Dana Carby for coming, or you can hang out all night as far as I'm
concerned, but. Probably have peaked already, but I, do they have any requests? I'll do
one more. Oh, okay. He's taking requests. Well, well, well, we raised our hand very
quickly. Oh, Garth, yeah. Well, I'll tell you quickly. Garth, Mike, the brilliant Mike
Myers came in with, with Wayne and then he asked me to be a sidekick. He said his name
is Garth. That's what he, and he digs Wayne. And I saw, I saw he had brown hair. So I remember,
I went to the makeup area and I saw I could do a blonde wig and I could wear those kind
of Peter Seller glasses. And then I didn't really have a construct for the surfer dude
nerd, like, what are you doing? You know, that kind of thing, which is, we'll do it,
how I ruin Wayne's World 2, we can do next time. But, by bad makeup and pushing too hard,
yeah. I'll tell you. Did you produce Wayne's World 2? Do you, why would you take, why would
you feel guilty? Well, I was 38 and there was a line in the, in the movie that Garth
just, Garth just got pukes, you know. So, and I'm 38 playing the character. And so the
edict was we got to cover my five o'clock shadow. I'm not Richard Nixon, but if you
watch the first movie, I had very light makeup. So they tried to cover my five o'clock shadow.
By the time they did that, then they caked it on. So I'm, I look orange, I look like
an orange Betty Davis in the second movie. And then my performance. But anyway, but what
does that have to do with you? This is what's fascinating to me about you, your self-afacement,
your self-awareness, your accountability in the face of being a fucking icon who is this
guy who doesn't like, like I, Jim Carrey hasn't come out here yet. But I think, I think there's
a kind of archetype that we have in our heads. We're like, Oh, this guy that comes out and
makes everybody happy is this clown. But you're so smart and so humble and so almost to the
point of like, do you say stuff like that? No, there was really good stuff that I liked
that I did here and there, but most of it was disappointing. How could that possibly be
your fault? What, what, what, what, what, what was your role in Wayne's World too? Aside
from Karth, your job was to show up and play Karth. Look, in the first movie, I mean, I
did, I trusted the rhythm in the first movie based on my brother, my brother, Brad, who
does, I took the rhythm from my brother. We could, he would love to come on this podcast.
He's an LA. He's welcome to, he's great. And he had this rhythm and this was the best
rhythm of Garth. That was the goal. And I did it mostly in the first movie. And then
the second movie, you know, it just became more cartoony. And I just lost that thread
and I was pushing and you blame yourself for fucking Wayne's World too. I do. I fucked
Wayne's World too. You're insane. I am orange. I am orange and I'm pushing and I'm mugging.
But in the first movie, I had some very nice moments where I stayed in this rhythm. I did.
This was the core of Garth and I look at it and I go, what the fuck happened to me that
I pushed in the second movie? Maybe it was the money. I know you said in the green room
you're sleepy. Can we stay for just a little bit? Sure. Yeah. Can I bring my, from Hollywood,
California, Meltdown Comics, Harmontown. Jeff, Jeff, now it's session. Please welcome to
the stage the mayor of Harmontown. It's Dan Harmon. Jeff. Let's start this fucker.
Jeff, I imagine you driving here, reading Twitter and being like, what the fuck is going
on? Tenacious D? Dana Carvey? Tenacious D with her? Oh shit, Dana Carvey. Hello. Jeff,
we started without you. Now, what I was going to say is. I overslept. I set my alarm for
the wrong. I set my alarm for AM instead of PM. It happens to podcasters too. It's okay.
You're not taking blame for that and he's blaming himself for Wings World II. That's why I wanted
to bring up my fiance, my 29 year old fiance, Erin McGathy, so that she could talk to. Before
you leave, Dana, I wanted you to talk to the love of my life because that's insane hearing
that. Your self-deprecation, it's too far. It's too much. There was good things I did.
That just bald-faced fact that I destroyed Wings World II. Listen, here's the example.
This is not my fault. Is this what Mike Myers has been telling you, Dana? Yeah, does he
call you and leave faster? Don't let him push you around. No, Mike was consistent. Here's
the story. Okay, look, if you budget something, they're going to spend the budget. So the
first movie, we had 12 million in 36 days. So we're on the car and he goes, yes, she's
a babe. And I go, yeah, if she was a president, she'd be Abraham Lincoln, right? So we make
fun of corporate profiteering. We hold up the stuff. Meanwhile, heroin's paying us.
Never mind. The second movie, we have a $40 million budget. And so Wayne and Garth suddenly
have a loft that is a $500,000 a lot. I remember walking into it and go, what? What happened
to the humble little set? Did everything got blown up? Did you write the movie? I basically,
and another thing I regret, I did the arc with Kim Basinger. I did the- Yeah, but you
did you rate the movie? Not the movie per se, but the Garth parts for the most part. Dana
Carvey, what? You have never done anything wrong ever. Oh no. You need to understand
that. You need to understand that you have never done anything wrong. No, the first one
was really good. I mean, it did inflation adjusted like $275 million. I'm not that I
checked. So Dana Carvey. Inflation adjusted. Dana Carvey, why do you think- Can we talk
Dana? No, Dana Carvey. Dana Carvey. Why? Yes. What was it? So you went in, why did
it feel different making that movie? You said it's a bigger budget? It was a bigger budget.
My face was orange. I think that, look, the first time we were on the car, we had an hour
to shoot that. You know, Babe Abraham Lincoln, Mike's laughing, I'm laughing. It's just like,
you know, almost in one take. Then the second time, we had two full days to shoot us hanging
out on the car with like 55 takes of different camera angles. So you tend to get bored and
you tend to push, you know? I mean, that's all. That just happened to me. Are you looking
back on Wayne's World 2 as being some kind of point where you think- Are you thinking
that you did something wrong on that movie? No, no, I don't think I did anything wrong.
I just, I did, my instincts were a little off on that one, but they were spot on in
the first one. So one out of two ain't bad. May I, I can't- Is this gonna, I have to
apologize. No, no, no, I think it's important to have a conversation. We've never- Well,
there's many, many other regrets I have. So, emotionally. What's, what's that, Baby?
I can't handle this show emotionally. I'm losing my fucking mind. I like, I, my hero,
I, I just, uh, I can't deal. She loves Mike Myers. I, I do too. Her story, she loves
Kurt Lancaster. Um, such a thrill. I have had the opportunity to meet many famous people.
I can't, so. Um, they were, I, I'm not completely, it's not like, uh- I will start crying. There
was stuff that I liked. I mean, I love, uh, Massive Heaven when Harry, I love the McLaughlin
reports. I love the Carson's I did with Phil. Uh, there's a lot of stuff I, I did like,
and I liked the First Wayne's World, but second one, I fucked it. I feel- I, when I was in
high school. Uh-oh. Dana, you know, backstage, I told you, I, I really like you, and I said
the words, I don't care about how you feel about this emotionally. I don't, I know that
I'm embarrassing you, but I like you so much. Um. Thank you. You talked to my woman backstage.
I don't want to drill the conversation. Please say you wrote a song. I really want you to
break the song. I, uh, when I was in high school, I had a, a Yahoo email account, and
after speaking with Dana. You had email on high school? I did. Wow. She's a lot younger.
And I told Dana backstage that when, when his first HBO special came out in 1995, yeah,
I recorded it with my little, uh, uh, tape player. Kids, there used to be these boxes
with tape inside them. I recorded it and me and my brother both had copies of it. And
when we would walk to school, we would look at each other for two years. We would look
at each other and be like, and go. And we would listen to Dana Carvey's special on
the way to school together. And I went to, I was like, I feel like I may have written
a, uh, diary. That all that makes me feel is like, I wish I tried harder. I think you
tried really hard. I don't know what, if she's chewing something up, I, I don't want to derail
her, but I, I, the, the overwhelming feeling I have when I hear you talk about yourself
because I don't think you're fishing for it. I think you're a guy that works really,
really hard from it. Cause we didn't even talk about the fact that you were on this
Meg Ryan sitcom when you were like, like our, our public consciousness of you was like,
oh, you were on SNL and then you were in SNL and then there were our radar blips and stuff.
But the, you were, you worked your entire life. You tried to make people laugh the entire
time and you never stopped. And I don't, I think that there's a million people that
we look at publicly and we go, uh, oh, that guy, uh, he thought he was something and then
that's why he did this. I think it was like, like you were church lady and you were Hans
and Franz and you were doing the shit. And then everyone loved you. America loved you.
And then there were a couple of movies where you were like with Nicholas Cage and you were
going, Hey, I'm a cat burglar. And it was, it was, is it blank slate? Trapped in paradise.
Yeah. That movie's awesome. Clean slate is a fucking great movie. Oh man. Well, I won't
even go to there. But the idea that you're responsible for range world two, not being
as good as one is it's fucking insane to me. That's so insane. It wasn't totally mine.
I just was disappointed in my instincts. But what happened to me is I did not, I grew up
very humble, uh, you know, uh, dad was a high school teacher, uh, five kids. So between
80 and 86, when I was doing standup, I took everything they gave me and because I had
the reverse dumb blonde effect, like I had a little teen idol thing going. I had blonde
hair and I had a real baby face. So no one thought I was a con. Take it. Take it. No
one thought I was a calm. Yeah. I don't like where I'm sitting either. A piece of bubblegum
that can make children. But that's why I did all those straight roles. Although I will
say if I'm going to lose my fiance to anybody, I would like it to be Janet Carmen. Can we
hear this? Is this real? It's real. It's real. It's from my fan fiction. What is this? This
is, uh, with my Yahoo mail account. I would email myself and you guys have done this before.
I like sit yourself. There's no need for you to shake your head. So aggressively, not really
looking for people like you. I'm looking for other people that are like, yes, I don't need
you to say no. I'm glad, I'm glad they're getting married because I have, I've just kind
of got to know this dynamic and it seems like perfection. I do love you immediately jumped
into couples counseling us upon meeting us after 30 seconds. Stubbornness is the key
to a long relationship. But both are stubborn. I hate you. You hate me, but I ain't quitting
you. I, uh, with my Yahoo mail account, and I still do this with my current account, I'll
mail myself, uh, diary entries basically. It just like, I'm angry about this thing. I
like this thing, but I, I, I had a feeling that maybe I talked about Dana Carvey in one
of these entries and I searched his name and my Yahoo mail and an email came up and, uh,
it's very short and I would like to read it. So this is you as a teenager. This is me.
Uh, it's, it's, I feel like this is your life or something. I'm, this is embarrassing. Go
ahead. I want to hear it. Yeah. This is you at what age do you think? Uh, 2001. So, six.
So, 13 years ago. 16. But six years after the special. Yes. So you weren't old enough
to do anything when 9-11 happened. Hey, none of us were. That's true. Everything changed.
That's true. Good point, Camille. We were all children before then. We all, we were all 16.
America was 16. Yeah. We were only 16. All right. Read it. Read it. Okay. All right. What,
what the fuck? Oh, it's my heart playing. Okay. I'm just, I, I'm gonna read it. I'm gonna read it.
And I would only feel comfortable reading this on stage. With Dana Carvey. Subject Dana Carvey.
Subject Dana Carvey. It's my fianc. I'm not going to, I'm just gonna read, I'm saying this to
myself because I'm going to read through this and I'm not going to editorialize because I will
feel compelled to do so because I don't think I sound very smart. Just, just present it and we'll,
we'll judge it. Okay. That's a tradition as old as time. There, I'm, I'm told this moment I haven't
really felt that we were friends, but in this moment I feel like we are friends. Just read it. It's
gonna be very sweet. I'm very excited. It's very short. Okay. I'm very excited. Hello, older me.
Oh God. How are you? I'm okay, but I'm working, I'm working thought things. Can I judge you right
now? No. It's very short. Here is personal and real thought. To be an artist. To be a comedic
artist in all caps. To mold, to mold thine artifice like clay to the noble end of create joy. To
exhibit kindness and performance absent of personal need. To be a clown, but not because you're
scarier, stupid, but because you sacrifice your pride for the audience's joy. To make people laugh
in all caps. This is what I, this is what is important. This is what I aspire to. This is what
I promise. That's it. And it's about Dana Carby. By the way, Dana Carby. That's a hand for
Dana Carby for coming out. Please let him know when you see him on the sidewalk that nothing bad
was ever his fault. All he ever wanted to do is make everyone happy. That's all he ever wanted.
I think he succeeded. So you, so that email, that email was about, you wrote that about Dana
Carby. Yeah. You must not have seen Wayne's World too. You know, he really fucked that movie up.
Oh God. Now that he's gone, holy shit. I blame it all on Garth. Yeah. Wayne's World P.U., right?
I just wish it was Wayne's World. And there was, well it was Wayne's World, but I mean, I, I just
wanted more Wayne and less Garth. Let's bring up Tenacious D. No, they're not, okay. I gotta say,
honestly. Jeff is, Jeff is, Jeff, you, you, you realize you got here late. We started the show
without you. As far as I'm concerned. As far as I'm concerned, the show started the moment I arrived.
Right? That is not true. Tenacious D was here. Fuck Tenacious D. They left. It's all honestly
very inspiring to hear him talk like that, being as, you know, done so much amazing stuff as he
has. He still has. I fucking love that guy so much. I, I, I, it's not, it's like, we had, you know,
I don't know, people come traipsing out here. Wait, is there music playing? Yeah, there's music
playing. Are you still at home, Jeff? I had a great nap. I, I'm in such a euphoric state. I thought
that was just in my head. For real. There is no, like, it's, it's a, it's a really big deal. Yeah,
it's huge for me. I don't think, like Martin's short, if Martin's short, we're ever to come by.
Fuck Martin's short. I think I would, I would, I would, I would go into a seizure because I
wouldn't really quite know how to handle it. But, but, but like Dana, Dana Carvey represents, like,
for me, my adolescent years, represents the idea that we've all had, that all we want to do when we
get up in the morning, if there's those of us who decide, I just want to write, do makeup, make
chairs, build, build decks, design dump trucks, act, stunt coordinate, whatever. I want to make other
people happy. And, and, and all of a sudden, to make so many people laugh without hurting anybody.
Right. He's not a coomail, as they say in the bed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Coomail. Coomail makes
people laugh. Yes. But at what price? Yeah. He's fucking, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a sharp sword.
Yeah. It's the self-esteem of others is the price. Yeah. I take no prisoners. Coomail's material is
like, my first album is called Fuck You. I feel like when I'm laughing at Coomail, I'm laughing at,
like, I'm laughing out of fear. I'm laughing at cripples when I'm laughing at Coomail. Yeah. Like,
I'm like, no, I hope Coomail doesn't beat me up. That's a big target for me. I really take on the
cripples. Is cripples still PC? No. No. Listen to the word. I would say, I would say that you're
tough, but fair on cripples. Hey, cripple, but cripple just means your leg is hurt. It does. It
does. And my best friends in the audience, she's a cripple, Kimber Hall. She's a cripple. Share
her leg is hurt. Well, she, she, she sprained her ankle partying. She's a cripple. Yeah. You gotta get
on your knees and say you're a midget. Wait, there's crutches, there's crutches on the side of the
wall here. Yeah. No, but do people identify themselves as so cripple? I'm sorry. So I don't
think anybody's a PC cripple. Kimber, are you a cripple? She's not. No one would call and be like,
Hey, do you have an elevator? I'm a cripple. Nobody would say that. But you would say, I'm
crippled. No, I'm just, but even if your leg is hurt. Okay, here's my question. If your leg is
broken, you don't say I'm disabled. You say I'm crippled. No, not anymore. All right, well, it's
like midget. It was, it was okay for a while. And then it got sideline. Like, you know, crippled
became disabled. We all learned some fun. That guy's leaving. But we know it's not because he's
offended because he's walking out. He's not lending away. He's like, he's he's able. He's able
bodied. He's showing off. Let's bring up professional linguist and physical ability expert, Spencer
Clinton. Hey, guys. Hey, Spencer. You're probably the youngest guy up here. Do you what's your
relationship with Dana Carvey? I don't know him. I mean, he was in the he was in the back room for
a while. I said a couple of words to him. Jesus. He's a Spencer. Can you talk to me about I've
felt obviously that I am mistaken with my use of the word cripple. But like, can you explain to
me? What is the right thing? Is it just disabled and not but you because people I guess call people
who are in wheelchairs crippled and that's inappropriate. Well, the best way it's yeah, it's
across the line now. It was like a Charles Dickens thing. Well, it was. Yeah, it was a Charles
Dickens thing. But that was a long time ago. If you live in 1809, like the society for the
advancement of handicapped people is not the name for the society. I'm trying to talk about that
I'm trying to talk about. I'm still trying to talk about it. It used to be called like the
International Society for Cripples and they changed it. Like I say it definitely used to be like
that. I would never call especially abled person different differently abled differently abled.
Yeah.
And the last and the last person to be put to task for this and I have I was obviously have made
myself a target. We keep moving the we keep moving the goalpost and I think we do it because we do
it for the best reasons in the world. We are all against as human beings, we're all against
dehumanization. So the minute that we come up with a word that can sum up anybody, and people
start to use it to refer to people like as a group as an object, then we start to get uncomfortable.
So we move the goalpost and we go like let's let's shake things up.
Absolutely. I'm an idiot. I thought that cripple just referred to like when you can't move it is
temporarily than you're crippled. That's not the problem that is differently about fashion versus
I'm sorry. I'm sorry everybody. The word retarded was fine for a long time. It's also
technically accurate. It's just not the right one to use the National Association for the
advancement of colored people. My grandma calls black people colored people that to the extent
that the the the that there is a institution, institutions move more slowly. You can't what
are you going to do? Are we going to change the NAACP? It's and I don't think there's anything
wrong with the word colored, but the words take on it's just like like they adhere to social
customs. And so my grandma looks out the window and she goes there's a colored fella on the corner
and and they she said no better. She doesn't think she's doing anything wrong. You call people
cripples. It's it's people who are temporarily disabled. I didn't realize this is my biggest
problem. It's because what have we learned from fucking policing language? We keep changing our
language and we keep not changing the class system. We keep not changing the way we live our
fucking life. We keep not changing the way things are. Yeah, my grandma looks out the window goes
there's a colored guy in the corner. Oh, well, let's make the word colored bad. That'll change
my fucking grandma. No, it will not change my grandma. Death will change my grandma. Let's come
up with a new name for death. Let's kill your grandma. She's a buried person. Yeah. And now it's
over problem solved. Nothing other than that will solve the fucking problem and nothing other than
violence has ever solved any fucking problem ever. You don't change shit behind a fucking curtain.
He's yelling it was powerful. It would be illegal. If voting was powerful, it would be illegal.
Dan, but that being said, that would be out of your revolution. I'm I'm a millionaire and I would
really like to I'd like to I have a golden doodle and I'd like to die in peace. You just earlier
tonight told a story of kicking a homeless guy out of your parking lot. I felt terrible. That was
not terrible enough. Yeah, but that guy should have voted better. Right? Right? If he had voted,
right, he'd be allowed to sleep in a fucking parking lot. Wrong. No, you should have stopped that
happening. I couldn't fucking stop it. Yeah, you could have. Yeah, you could have. You should
have stopped that fucking countries. Do we invade? Don't don't don't change the subject. We're not
talking about every four years. No, I'm gonna vote for the guy with the red hat. The guy with the
blue hat. Meanwhile, Middle East boom, boom, boom, boom, bombs, bombs, bombs, bombs, boom,
doesn't fucking matter. It's called a fucking empire. We play a game in this country. We fucking
hang out. We have a great time. You could have made an impact. You could have made a difference
with that guy and you didn't. Dana Carvey is really funny. I fucking love that guy. He never
did anything wrong to anybody. I'm gonna go home tonight broken hearted because he's thinking
about Wayne's World two. He's a fucking hero, man. He never did anything wrong. I heard that he
stopped someone getting arrested in a parking lot once. I bet he would. I bet Dana Carvey
would stop somebody from. How are you? What's what's life like as a handsome Pakistani air?
Pakistani air? Oh, Pakistani. Oh, I thought you like I'm gonna air do something. Well,
that's what I was thinking. I was gonna say handsome millionaire because in my mind, you know,
when you when you do a lot of stuff, you equate that with a lot of money, but that's
real government is bullshit. It's a fucking fundamental lie. Have you ever talked to anybody
whose job is to tell other people what to do? Fuck those people. If you like run your life
through this asset test, talk to everybody that you've ever talked to. What's your fucking job?
If it's only telling other people what to do, fuck you. Fuck that person. Government's bullshit.
All right. What are you doing now, though? You're telling people I'm telling them to go
run and be flip over cop cars and burn stuff. I'm saying leave me leave my mansion alone. I was
on your side. I have a golden doodle and I love him. I just I'm 41. Leave me out of it. But you're
25. Burn down the fucking White House. Go do it. Set shit on fire. But leave me out of it. Dan and I
did an improv show last night. The vibe is so different from when Dana Carvey was on stage.
Yeah, it's become more yelling. The vibe is so different. I would put him in charge. I would
Dana Carvey would be the poet laureate of the moon colony. I would go I would I would come out
and I would go no shoelaces. Dan, where are you? And then I would go now the church lady. And he'd
come out and go special. Dan, there's obviously this angry energy boiling up inside you. Do you know
where that's coming from right now? Is this couple's counseling stuff? I'm excited. Camille
always comes to our sessions, by the way. Yeah, I kind of I kind of am like the hype man for their
sessions. I would actually be very into that. That's right. Yeah, tell me how you feel. Yeah,
a moat. All right, what were you? You were asking Camille how his career was going? Oh, no, you
choose. Well, I did ask you question government. I am very I was wondering how Camille's travels
were. And then I also asked Dan where his asked I asked Dan where his anger was coming from. I
remember that. I have a question for Jeff. All right, if if we're moving on, but if we're not,
let's stay and let's move on. Let's move on. I saw I'm bringing up a different thing. I saw a
throwback Thursday picture that you posted a view at 11. The most fuckable 11 year old boy I've ever
seen. You are a gorgeous kid and you're a gorgeous man. But like at 11, you look like that. No wonder
you're going around talking to strangers. It's like a China play. Honestly, I don't mean that in a
bad way. My mom told me my my nose looked like an eggplant and I didn't know what it was. And so she
took me to the store and pointed it out. You carry the lead with your origin story. So I don't
want to talk to anybody. But you that's a picture. Have you guys seen this? Hashtag fuckers. His eyes
are like sapphires. His cheekbones are like God sculpted a mountain for pedophiles. And you
peaked in that catalog. He does have amazing cheekbones. Amazing cheekbones. I mean, I don't want
this to sound weird, but the way they still happen to you. What happened to you? I fell apart, man.
When I was when I was at that age, I was modeling as a New Yorker doing a play was the
King and I King and I. You were also modeling. I didn't know this. Yes. What are boy modeling
poses? That picture was it was a private. He's doing it right now. Dan is doing a cheer. But this
picture was modeling, right? This was like a catalog. It was a it was a centerfold of a New
York Times magazine. You're for sure smizing. Smizing. You're smiling with your eyes. You're
smizing. And you're also you're looking right now. You're looking through the in your. I think the
very special thing about your child photography photos is that they are very sexual because it
looks like you're looking through the camera and you're like, yeah, definitely. Go for it. Like
there's some kind of like. Super sexual child. No, but talk to me about it. Yeah. That's a
terrible thing to say. You're an adult now. So it feels okay. I'm going to I'm going to ask you for
it as well. I'm going to post a couple other photos like I'm coming upcoming. I'm coming. I'm
telling you, please don't come on 11 year old me. I do think that when Spencer comes, that's how
it sounds. I'm coming. After Spencer has sex with a woman, he says that happened. That happened.
And then he goes to the fridge. Yeah, it's just weird because a critical hit. Other than that,
it's utter, utter silence. It's just I'm coming. Maybe also when the girl does something a little
inventive, you're like, and you do some sort of action with your hands, which symbolizes rolling
a dice and you're like, yeah, okay, not effective. And when she's like my parents are coming, you're
like, you're metagaming right now. You're metacoming. If I did this, would you like it? And he goes
like, yeah, no, metagaming. I'm not about Spencer's sex. Had you already had sex at that age? No, I
lost my virginity at 24 years old. I was 24. But did you lose it to 20 showgirls? Like, what do
you mean? Are you talking about anal sex? What do you mean? I had never put my penis inside of
one minute cause 24 years old. That's a bad thing. It's just because he's a Casanova. I was a late
bloomer. I but no, we saw you as an 11 year old. I look at that. I look at that picture of you at
eight and I'm like, I want to sit on that eight year old's face. No, it's true. I felt the same
way. Just sexuality at eight surpasses sexuality. It's a I just I bet if yeah, if that happened, the
judge would be like, I kind of see that. I get it. I get it. I see the victim in my chambers. And
could he please wear that windbreaker? Also hashtag rape culture. Yay. I'm very glad you weren't
raped. When I was thinking, I feel raped right now. When I was four years old, you asked for it. I
wouldn't have worn those eyelashes. By a round of applause, who has seen Jeff Davis at eight years
old? 11. 11. This was 11. The picture I saw was 11. But I mean, do you hear that applause? Who
here and be honest, who has seen Dan Harmon at eight years old? I mean, there's a reason. There's a
reason. I wasn't an actor. I wasn't. Yeah. And 10 years after that, he was asking his mom if he was
handsome. When I was four, I think I'm not even quite not quite for like maybe maybe like almost
for when I went to preschool. And the first day of preschool is the first time as a as a as a human
being, I was around other kids that you didn't know you went to a building, there was other kids.
Sure. And I remember it very vividly. And when when the class was over, we took naps and we drew on
chalkboard. And then when it was over, we all ran out. When the day was over, all the parents were
outside. And it was a big like grass lawn and all the kids we all ran out like bats coming out of
a cave because we're so wound up for being around other other human beings our age. You had to have
a popsicle. And I ran around the circle and I ran up to this girl, Petria Beth Hayes. And she was a
little blonde girl, four years old. I just went up to her and I just fucking Clark Gable there
grabbed her with the back of the head, leaned her over and kissed her like gone with the wind
style and then pushed her down in the grass and ran off. And that's kind of in my MO since then. That's
your dating history. You can insert 20 years between the kissing and the pushing down, but that's
basically what we're all doing. I got a big laugh out of the adults. And then like when the king and
I started when I was nine when I got into the king and I you've been doing that for years you did
that. I did it for her from nine through 11. Like the age nine and with clothes I was 11 years old.
And I did at the Pantages here in LA when I was nine. And there were seven girls that were the kids
in the show like seven like Asian girls that were the king's daughters. There were seven Asian boys
with the king's sons. And then we went on tour. Where did you fall into that? I was an Asian kid.
There's one white kid in the king and I, the son of Anna. Oh, you're the one white kid too, huh?
Everything's so easy for Jeff. Did you feel that? Did you know you were the only way kid?
You're a kid and we weren't racist. Also my understudy was white and I went through seven
understudies in that year and a half because it was hard to keep a kid to be like the white kid
had to put on really bad Asian makeup every night. Like they made them look orange really
and then like slanty eye makeup and shit. It was really shitty. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't move
on from this. We're still here. So but you were playing a white kid. Yes. But your understudy had
to play an Asian kid. Why? Because they had a free kid on the set. Also they would just be like,
all right, so he got the Mickey Rooney makeup. There was no making any of these these kids.
Did you have to be white for a narrative reason? The story of the king and I is a British woman
goes to Siam, what is now Thailand, to instruct the king of Siam in like modern like Western ways.
It's like Apocalypse Now the story, right? No. It's like the boring dinner scene in Apocalypse Now.
If you just took the shitty parts in Redux. There's a teacher. So we would go from town to town
and the kids would range from like six and seven years old up to 13. And so we traveled with
seven kids. And we would go to town to be seven new girls every city we went to. Were any of them
crippled? Don't derail. So we go to town. And the girls wouldn't travel with you, but the boys
would. Don't derail. No masking. You are not allowed to tell people to do something you do constantly.
I'm the derail master. Seven kids traveled. Three of them were boys. Four of them were girls. And
then we would get like 14 new kids, half of which were, you know, like boys and girls. So I would
have a dressing room and there would be little girls and we would just play Truth or Dare. We
invented the game. No one had taught us this. Jeff, you did not invent the game. In your head,
your life has made sense. Yeah, you think your four is gone. And then the world said thank you for
the game. Nobody taught us how to play Truth or Dare, but we played a game that is absolutely
Truth or Dare without anyone having taught us. Do you feel like you invented that game? Well,
for us, we did because we didn't. That's fine. But for the world, you see, you guys called it
D-Bull or Durbal. Aaron, a guy's walking out in crutches. You want to say anything? Why so crippled?
You're good. Like, you do what you want, man. You don't have to stay here. Are you going to the
bathroom? He's going to get some chips. Can I guess you hurt your like skateboarding? You ran
into a stair. So he's a cripple because it's a temporary thing. We really have to go. That's not
how it works at all. That's not how it works. So I want to go back and talk to somebody.
I take that back. I don't want to be the person behind that fight. Jeff, come on. Jeff's talking
about fucking four-year-olds. As a kid, we would make out. Now, I was a kissing bandit all throughout
my life. I kissed everybody. I was like, and then I just never had sex until I was 24. However,
when I was four years old in preschool. All right, take it easy. He got the chips that he said he
was going to get, and now he's opening them. Well, it's expected. It's so loud. First of all, how
do you get the chips so fast? He's crippled. Yeah. No, don't call him crippled. Those are the loudest
chips I've ever heard. You're like surprised. There's a line for chips just for handicapped
people. It's way closer. Did the mic pick that up? Those are the loudest chips. I've never said that out loud.
I thought that that was just... Jeff, I'm so sorry. Please continue the story. You just interrupted
the thing. Those are the chips. Jalapeno. Yeah, those are the best. Wait, Jalapeno? No more for this
kid. This kid, this kid, he lived his life. He hurt his leg. You ran into a stair. You ran into a
stair? That's what someone says when they've been abused. Someone says, I fell onto a door. You ran
into a stair? What kind of bullshit story is that? I don't think abusers hit people's feet. Do you think that
you didn't, the stair was there and you're like, this is just a hallway? I mean, you thought it was a
hallway and you just ran into the hallway and then you're like, oh no, this goes up. It was like
Looney Tunes, someone drew floor on the stairs and he just ran into it. But I mean, really, when you
say I ran into a stair, that's not acceptable information. I'm sure the doctor was like, I think
it's fine. Otherwise, next week, there's going to be eight people with crutches opening chip bags
really loudly and they're like, what about me? Can I be famous? I don't think that'll happen. Okay,
so so you were you were you invented truth or dare? My friend, my the guy that played the prince,
the Asian, there's two kid leads in the King and I. Oh, Jesus Christ, he's eating him loud too. Did you
hear? Did you hear that fucking? You're not allowed to say. It's not my fault. Did you hear the
fucking crunch on this guy? Is there a mic on him? It's like a Pringles commercial. So loud. What
flavor is that? They're hollow. That's so loud. I don't want to drill the whole thing. This band
with the crutches looks like he was a very handsome child. It's a he still is. He still is a handsome
child. Yeah, he's a handsome child. So guys, no, just everybody be quiet and just eat one more chip.
Just everybody be dead quiet. That's fucking loud. They're potato chips. Can you hear that in
America? The podcast audience? Yeah, he has an amplifier. What's going on? Perfect shape for
projecting sound. He's a fully artist. He's a fully artist. All right, so I want to go back. Okay,
so truth or dare, you've invented truth or dare. My friend Doug, the other kid, not he also fucking
Doug Clay fuck guy. He was so great. He was like I was 11. He was 13. And he he would he jerked
off in front of us. Nice story. All right, let's do DMD. All right. Well, thanks for coming tonight,
folks. I hope you enjoyed Janet Karby. But we were kids. But hang on. So when I was four, when I was
four years old, no, no, no, finish the jerk off story. That's that's the way how old were you? I
was 11. He's just talked about this before. When I was nine, 10, 11 years old, we would be we had
dressing rooms. And we were all the way the truth of their started was I had like a halls like
you were like, what shall we do with our time? I've got an idea. I had a cough drop. We just knew
there were boys and there were girls. And then we all knew we didn't know what was going on. We just
knew that something must happen. There was that's what I said. Yeah. So I would I would take a
cough drop and Kathy or or you vet the girls that were in the show and they were nine years old.
The guy was we would lay on top of each other and then we would pass a cough drop from one mouth
to the other. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Except these names are like from a math textbook. So
you don't know any events really. But you read event has an idea about the how about
patria beth was a fucking great name. But if that was oh my god. So cute. Oh, she could suck a cough
drop. She could suck a menthol off a lozenge. So
so our tutor, our tutor, who is a very beautiful woman named Bridget, she told our parents,
we have to give these kids sex education. We were all like the average ages nine years old.
You guys are just going around laying on each other. They kept walking into a room and we would
just be we just be on top of each other making out. Yeah, it's like frog DNA. Like they found a way.
We didn't tell them. So we had to get sex ed. We didn't we didn't know what sex was. But then
later on when we were like in Washington, D.C., like this tour was kind of ending when I was about
11, we found a bunch of porn mags under a bed in a hotel room. And we were like, oh, fuck. Like
like, we've been doing this wrong the whole time. We have tiny dicks. Yeah. But so as a kid that
no one instructs you how to play truth or dare. So then we would dare people to do stuff that was
I think I think it's an organic things that that children create on their own without any instruction.
When I was four years old, we played doctor and I guess what I was someone is a big fan of four
year olds. I was laughing hysterically. Our teacher, Mrs. Newhouse, would leave the preschool room
and then she had a giant oak desk and I would take like I am I am Jeff me and Jeffrey and Craig.
We would take a girl and everybody would watch was all around and she would take her clothes off.
What? She'd take her clothes off. And we would take a close and we guys are four and we played
doctor. So everybody was watching right and there were nurses and there were other doctors.
And so the girl would take her take her clothes off and I would touch your boobs and I would touch
your pussy and I would touch everything. Does it hurt here? And I was the doctor. When you say I
would touch her pussy. Yeah, these are all doctor. I mean playing doctor. When you would touch with
the medical community refers to as a pussy. It wasn't like a like what or was it a here or was
it a did you put your hand and then push pressure like when they check for the gallbladder. I would
say I would I would like touch her stomach go. Does it hurt here? We're playing because we
don't always at four years old. Just hurt here. Shut the fuck up. Finish the story. Jesus Christ.
It's not a long story. If I can just be a naked girl and I would go does it hurt here? Just
lightly touch people and it wasn't sexy. We just knew that there was boys and girls were different
and we're just old enough to recognize those differences. So we invented for us playing
doctor. Wait, that's that's a thing that kids do like two games now. Well, I can understand.
I invented four corners. I don't know if you've all played that.
What's I don't know for a corner. I was the first one to say see you later alligator.
My brother told me he invented peanut butter and jelly.
He told me he fucking invented it and I knew he was lying and just had no choice.
And then after I mastered peanut butter, I moved on to fruits.
So the teacher had walked back in the room and there would be Gloria naked under the desk and
me and Jeffrey Kim and Craig were just like really just like was it always glory or a different
ones. It was different every time. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. No, no, no, not fucked up. But like
no fuck him. He got more fucking trim. In 1969. Trim. Trim. Trim.
Really? You guys are going to boo the use of the word trim. Well, it's not a desirable that
is what is a what is a four year old. You can't do it. But Jeff, you can pass on this question.
But you lost your virginity at 24. Yes. We're hearing about all these sexual experiences
that you had and you don't have to answer this. But like, do you in like in a few sentences,
could you quantify why maybe you lost your virginity at 24? Because obviously, well, very sexy man.
Yes, I can. That was a tepid response. Yeah, really. It was a little late. It was a little late.
Response to me not to Jeff, but I look back on those on like junior high and high school as times
when if I knew what was going on and if I could have read the signal, you were too busy inventing
games. Well, you weren't you. You were Christian. Weren't you Christian? So first it was me being
like late bloomer and being terrified of girls. And also there was a girl I dated when I was a
sophomore in high school. No, I was a freshman. She was a sophomore. You fuck you. That's what I'm
saying. And everyone had me because I use the wrong word. But fine. Yeah, you said trim due to
four to a four year old. They should. Okay, I missed up. I made a misstep. But I'm still a good guy.
Yeah, you're a good guy. It was getting more action. Yeah, we're in action. We're all on your
side. I never I never kissed her. Her name is Ursula. Oh, by the way, I she just did it in
math textbooks. She she was a cheerleader and she was very beautiful. And I had five apples. I was
terrified of her math, math textbook, Joe. I never she also wanted to know how long a train would
take to get we never even kissed. I had girlfriends that I never kissed because I thought my
brother's friends who are two years older than me said, then I said, was this guy was his name
fucking asshole. Really tall. It was probably Jamal. His name was Kevin. Okay, Kevin's also a
textbook. He comes up and he goes like, So you fucking Ursula? I'm like, No, sir. Like, the very
idea. I thought that to have sex with girls would be the highest insult that they wouldn't want it.
They were like, they told me that's only something that guys wanted to do to girls. And girls are
like, No, they're like, like, like, like, that's really rude. Like, No. So I was I was really,
really rude. Then in college, I don't think of anything rude or you could do to it. It's rude.
It's rude to have sex with a woman. It is rude. Yeah. I apologize every time. It's surely it really
is. It's like rude. Sorry. That shouldn't happen. Thank you. Thank you very much. I absolutely
do feel that way. I got, I got, I got done and I go, Thank you. Sorry. Sorry about that.
I fall out and I walk backwards out of the room and go get a towel.
There's a visualization of your animal person. So sorry. It's we were ashamed of ourselves.
Wait, wait, wait. Then I went through and like a born again. How long did you date Ursula?
Like for 45 minutes, like, like, like no time at all. She's still your voice is there's no clock
behind you. What time is it? 940? Okay, we're overdue for D&D. We're going to start D&D.
Sorry. Thank you for all of that. This show brought to you by four year old Trim.
I'm sorry. I use the word Trim. It's a gross word. I'm sorry. Trim.
No, I'm sorry. I use the word and I want to apologize on part of Camille for using the C word.
I didn't use the color. Colored? We'll say.
My bit was that you said that word. I don't know.
There's a Tylenol with codeine. Oh, that's that's just got mixed in there. I did.
But Spencer announced that he would never return at the last and the last session, right?
He disappeared. He used his amulet. So let's hear it for Spencer as Tylenol with codeine
in the last episode. Amazing. That was good. The best thing ever. All right. Thank you. Give me
some quirks. I don't want to get into it. You were born again for how long? Just real quick.
Just tell me the year and we won't talk about it. Three, four years. Okay. And your teen years.
Then I was like family and do it. I had never had sex, so I became abstinent, but I was abstaining
from something that I accidentally abstained from a long time. And then I would date girls and
they were like, you really like four players. That's all you're going to get. So says Jesus.
Yeah. Dry humping is okay. I was I was abstinent and in a similar program called true love waits.
And my excuse, I never did any for true love wait. You were in a thing called true love waits.
Yeah. And look what she waited for. Amazing.
The program called true love waiting pays off.
Yeah. True love should have waited a little bit longer. Yeah. True love. True love could have
held out. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Spencer,
would you take us away? Yeah, sorry. Oh, boy. When we last met, our heroes had just fended off
flaming goblins and gem bugs in the purple canyons. After looting a power stone, the robot baby was
activated who the game gang dubbed Lodgy due to its damaged logic core. The baby spoke of a place
that it was designed to locate, although it was not designed to locate it very effectively.
And the damaged logic core prevented it from recalling what or where it was looking for.
But as they spoke, Sharpie smelled a funky sack and realized his bag was a blaze.
He emptied its contents, a flaming goblin named Justin. And after some interrogation determined
that the robot's power core was from the Air City, home of technological wonders and flying machines,
the gang was unsure of how to proceed. But Justin suggested they get some arrow hawks,
then Tylona with codeine piped up and disappeared right afterwards. So it was off to Rosebrook,
a nearby village susceptible to pillage to plan their next move. But could our heroes truly reach
the Air City? Where was the said city? The Air City? And what dangers might Rosebrook hold?
And what of the robot baby find out now on an all new Harmontown time?
That's good shit, Spencer. So I know it occurred to me while I was writing that it's very hard to
summarize all the weird shit that happened. Well, we don't usually listen. So what? Oh, I know.
I mean, it's not for you guys. I don't know who it's for, to be honest. Yeah, because they could
rewind and listen to it. Oh, they know what's going on, chances are. They know so much better than
us. Yeah. And then they're like, why don't you use the rope you're holding? I'm not holding a rope.
The town is called Rosebrook. I think I called it Rosebook. Let's just call it Rosebook in the
last episode. So are we in Rosebook? Are we on our way to Rosebook? You're on the way to Rosebook.
We got like outside. Yeah, there's this. You saw the city. You can see it. You can see it far off.
You're right by a town that says Rosebook. The baby's walking with us. Yeah, yeah. He's watched
by himself. Well, I don't know. I think someone was carrying him. I'll carry him. Oh, I have the
baby. Is my mic working still? Yeah, I just thought it different. Yeah, it did for a bit.
It did for a bit. It's good now. Okay. What is happening? We're trying to solve the problem.
I have the baby. The baby's mine. We're hurt in. Tanisha's D was here. The fucking soupy sales
came out. What? Yeah, soupy sales. D Martin did a ditty. We had, you weren't here. You slept in.
I did. I had a great nap. All right. So you're carrying the baby. I'm going to walk alongside
you in case you get tired. Okay. Give her the baby, Christopher. She wants to hold the baby.
I mean, you and I are of the same mindset. Christopher, if you and I could have an aside.
Sure. Shit. I up until this point have been chaotic. Good has been my scuba dude mantra
affiliation, my alignment, alignment, scuba dude. I like that. I'm feeling chaotic bad.
Oh, then you don't, I'm not going to give you the baby. No, no, no, I don't want to hurt the baby.
I just want to be selfish and do things that are. These are not good arguments to get the baby.
Well, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I'm watching this conversation. No, you're not. I'm jerking off.
Okay. That's what you want. That's what I'm going to do. Maybe I said this incorrectly. What I'm
trying to say is I know that you've gotten a lot of flat for the baby, for wanting to get the baby.
He's jacking off like one of Jeff's 13 year old friends.
I, I, I'm just saying that I, I am on your side when it comes to wanting to take care of yourself.
All right. Well, let's, let's, uh, you're in a trial period. I'm going to have the baby,
but we'll see. And if you're okay, do you hear something? No, right? I mean, it sounds like a
trash can moving around. Okay. So you, um, you can be, you can, uh, if you're good, I'll let you
have the baby. But yeah, wait, I definitely hear something. How does making jello sound? I think
someone's making jello in a trash can and they're moving it around, but it, and it smells good
to them. They're making it and they like the smell of the thing that they're making and they're
moving around the trash can. I'm going to go investigate this bush and just, it's moving
in a way. I run away. I run to a different bush. I run to a different bush. It's okay. The bush
is empty. We're fine. All right. We're fine. We'll understand. I just wait. Special, special,
special, special roll dice on that. What, what, what did the dice say on that move? Well, yeah,
I did roll the dice. I did. What happened? He didn't hide very well. He was right in that same
bush. Critical fail. What the fuck, Sharpie? What are you, what, what part of that were you
jerking off? What's going on? What are you jerking off about the baby? I'm making jello. What's
happening? Who's that? Who, what's this guy doing in the bush? He was jerking off while we were
talking about who should take care of the baby. Is that normal? No. Oh, good. Oh, you're the baby?
Yeah. Baby. I'm sorry, baby. This is not about you. Baby, what's your, baby, what's your name?
You guys called me Lodgy. Lodgy. Lodgy. Lodgy. Yeah. Baby, is that the only voice you have?
It sure is. It's one of my main voices. All right, Lodgy, we're fine. Sorry, he was making
gel. Stop it. Oh, sorry. We're looking at you. I jerk off during plot points. That's my fetish.
I get turned on by plot points when the story changes direction. That's the only thing that
can make me come. That sucks. What we need, what we need to most is you're jerking off. That's why,
uh, yeah, that's what turns me on about it. Also, also weird because that wasn't a plot point.
Yeah. That was more characterization of any way. It wasn't a plot point. It was just character
development. Are you guys confronting me about a thing that, that, that in a big way that, that
for the first time, because I'm going to come in my fucking pants. All right. All right. All right.
Nope. I'm going to say is that's what it's all about for me. You're creating plot points by
jerking off. And then the plot point is you jerking off. I'm into thresholds. I walk up and
go, guys, it seems like a really crossing. It's a weird threshold here. No, no, no. Don't use,
don't use that word. I'm, I can finish. I don't care. Okay. It's not, it wasn't meant to be the
big deal. You guys are having the baby. I don't want to, I don't want to be a part of this. Okay,
great. Well, it seems like you very much want it. No, no, no, no, no. Because there are beach nearby.
Uh, no. All right, let's go find a beach. Let's go to the, let's go to the village. Okay. I
started masturbating at the idea of them going to a village. I need to, sorry. This is just me,
Spencer. What, making Jello, you just stir a fluid in a bowl. It sounds like a little spoon
hitting another metal. Exactly. And think about that noise. That sounds nothing like you are not
intimate with Dan Harmon. Oh, okay. Sure. It's all metal. This is a specific detail. Wait, what is
the noise? It's all metal spoons down there. She's right. It sounds like stirring up gelatinous
fluid. With a casual garbage can. Everyone's jealous. She's getting away of tonight. I take back
that I was masturbating. I'm sorry. I want, I want Spencer to take, take control. Let's go into the
place. The Rose Book. Rose Book, right. So you're heading towards Rose Book and you can see,
no, there's nothing important here. Don't worry about it. Nothing's happening. No, no, no, nothing's
happening. Nothing's happening. The stakes are low. You can see the happy little village. Oh, great.
It's happy a little, but on the path before you, you see it looks like a stopped horse and carriage
surrounded by a green skinned man on the top of the carriage. There's a little, he must be a gnome
or half length standing on top of it. Like he's swinging a sack, like a weapon. Is he, is his
expression friendly? He's, he's back as torches. These guys are, it seems like these guys are
robbing it. So we should, I think, run up and disrupt this and help the poor man who's being
attacked by the green skinned men, right? Don't you get that? All right, yeah, yeah.
Christopher, you're sneaky. I'll go out and cause a diversion. You sneak up and flank the guy
swinging the sack. One guy can't flank. No, no, no, I'll go up and get his attention. You flank
him around the side. I'll flank the other side. Then what do I do? We'll take it from there.
Okay, all right. What is Lodge going to do? Lodge is with me. Lodge is fine.
Don't worry about Lodge. I hope I get kicked.
What did he say? What did he say? Shit, we've, what did he say? Lodge, what did you say?
I hope I get kicked. No, hope you get kicked. Lodge, why do you hope you get kicked? Oh,
just things that happened in the past. Jesus Christ, it's fucking horrible. No, we have to fix
this. Let's fight. Let's, let's fix that. Lodge is fine. He's a baby. He hopes he gets kicked. No,
no, no, he'll fuck that. You're not helping. You're jerking off in the corner. I wasn't
jerking off to the kid. I was jerking off to the idea that we, that something new was happening.
All right. The kid's another matter. He wrote us all of a sudden after jerking off in a bush.
I go up, I go up to the left side of this. Is it like a coach kind of thing? Like a stage
coach. So I went up and go like, what, what goes? You see, you see six orcs there. They're menacing
a guy stand, the little no man stand in the top as carriage. He's like, ah, ah, ah. Sorry,
did you say a top as carriage, like a carriage of tall plates? He's a top, a top. I see. That
makes a lot more sense than what I envisioned. I was mumbling. I'm sorry. I'm a real mumble
boy. Christopher, it looks like this, the orcs are attacking this. Yeah, we should, we should.
I could have told you that. I say, I say to the orcs, hey, assholes, you want to fuck with somebody,
pick on somebody, his own size. And I'm also short. That's right. Yeah. And I have the baby,
which is also about your size. Right. Yeah. You, you, you emerge, huh? Yeah, where are you? Yeah,
I come out too. I also emerge when I say, I know the recipe for your deaths.
Can I hide? I mean, I, where's I, wait, are you going to hide? No, I'm done jerking off. I want
to hide in a bush. Why are you hiding in a bush? We've, we've, we've made our play. There's a
bunch of orcs attacking a little guy. Fine. Okay. All right. I'm all blustery. I go, hey, what do
you guys want? Your ass is kicked or what? Yeah. I know you're in your refractory period, but try to
pull yourself together. I don't think he ever came. All right. I can't. I can't. Okay. I'm sorry.
He isn't as effective. So the biggest orcs or the biggest of the orcs he raises a large golden,
what is it, an axe, large golden axe above his head and brings it down to the floor and his orcs
charge. What? See, you guys need to fucking learn how to approach a city. I fucking like you come
up to the door and you go, Dan, can we come in sharpie? I don't, you don't need to give us notes
right now. You walk into a town and maybe there's going to be bad guys look like as you walk in.
So on the off chance that there's going to be bad guys, you just roll up and go, fuck your mother,
fuck everybody, fuck everything. I didn't, I just said, Hey, what goes and they started attacking
me. No, that's not what happened. Don't don't revise history. Exactly what happened. We rolled up
and we were pricks to them and they're attacking us. I was going to kill them. I'm going to kill
them all. I said what goes castically. I was just trying to, I saw, I saw a little halfling gnome
guy and I thought, shit, he's in trouble. And I went, wait, what's up? What's happening? Yeah,
now that now they're charging. So get in the fight or get out. I'm in the fight. You call me
skencer? I mean, I'm fine with that. I like that better. Um, can I, can I produce my whisper bow?
Yeah. Okay. And I'm going to fire that at the, the head. Orc. Yeah, go for the minions first,
right? They'll die easier. Minions or whatever's closest to you, I would say. Okay, I'm gonna,
I'm going to fire at the minion that's closest to me. Closest to me. All right. An arrow from
your bow. You blast two arrows from your bow. The first one smashes them in the face dealing
six damage. We just got here. We just got to this city. It's too late. The fight is too late,
which we just choose too early. We just got here. You should start, start jerking off again. So you
love the orc that you hit in the face. It dies causing your second arrow to miss. All right.
Nice. I say under my breath, adventure. A feeling that I've forgotten over this.
Someone else go wage. I'll have my ribbon dagger and I go for the next ribbon dagger.
A ribbon dagger. I'm just hearing everything and I'm envisioning things. I'm hungry. I'm hungry.
So you heard a Rubin. I'll have the money, crystal sword and
I love Rubin. Sarah crowd and Thousand Island. We're just, we're not even in the city yet.
That's true. Stop complaining. To get in the city. There's bad guys. We're gonna
fucking, we're going to loot these people. Are they going to have the money? Why do you think
you're fucking raging about the government and jerking off on a bush like you? Yeah. When did
you lose your nerve Sharpie? Okay. Eight cities ago. I lost my nerve. So yeah. And you know,
I might do that. I might, my character might go off and kill himself. What do you think about that?
I think that's, I don't think you have the guts.
I dare you to go, I dare you to go kill yourself. I'll roll the dice for you.
All right. The only way you can win is by killing yourself.
I mean, it's better than there being a problem with everything that's happening at every turn.
Do you guys don't, you guys don't. We're being attacked by orcs right now. We're being attacked
by, we came up to the city. Am I so drunk that I don't understand this? I think maybe. Yes. Yes.
Answer is yes. Spencer, like it's Camille's move, right? You're still delivering Camille's
dance. We walked up. There was a guy being attacked. Camille and I decided to go help. There was
absolutely no need to attack me. Camille's move. We didn't attack shit. We walked up and got in
a flanking position and said, what the fuck is happening? And they started attacking us.
That's what happened. What do you think happened, Dan? There wasn't a non-conflict resolution to
this encounter. What do you think is happening right now in the game? We came up to a city,
a brand new city. Yes. And we started attacking them. That's what happened. We did not. That's
not what happened. All right. This is out of turn. Well, we should tell them what happened.
It's Camille's turn. We walked up. We walked up. There was a stage coach with a guy defending
himself with a sack over his head. There were eight orcs attacking him. And I came up and said,
hey, what goes? And with Christopher flanking around the side, and they turned to us and started
attacking me. I'm sorry. It's okay. And we spoke last night for like 40 minutes. I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. And I didn't, I didn't mean to cut Aaron off. I just, we went down this path so long. It's like,
why did you go down it again when we could just end it? Can I, can I take out my sword? Yeah,
I have my ribbon dagger that I threw. Oh yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. So you stabbed that guy in the,
just the arm, but poison courses through his veins. And he almost instantly just falls down dead.
I feel terrible. I feel terrible. I take out my sword. Wait, it's somebody else's turn. No, no,
it's her turn now. Oh, okay. I take out my sword. In my pocket, there's a letter. But I take out my
sword. I stab my eyes and I drag the sword. That's just what's happening. I take the sword and I
drag, I stab both of my eyes. I can hardly see. It's in the sword is in my left eye socket. I drag
it down to my heart. I get it down to my heart and I mix it around like I'm mixing a cake mix.
Like you're making Jello. Like I'm making Jello. And then I drag it down to my stomach and I open
up my stomach and I take out my intestines and I make a necklace and I make a little like,
like goodbye. I write goodbye. Wait, this isn't my intestines. I die. I thought that we were
at two and I die. He has to roll. Oh, I rolled it. Yeah, I just my only question. Here's here's
my only question. How's how hard are you trying to stab yourself in the eyes? I get everything
real hard. Yeah, okay, real hard. Yeah. I'm trying to I am stabbing myself in the eyes. I have a
letter in my pocket. But as you're doing that, I say to the baby, she would have made a terrible
mother. That's her in the town, everybody. Thank you for coming.
All right.
What a cliffhanger. Rest in peace. I really thought we were just coming up to a city. I should
probably drink. I know it's fine. So we're doing it in space. Let's hear it first. An S.S.D. who
was apparently here. Kumail Nanjiani, Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden, Dana Carvey.
I'm Jeff. Sorry I was late. Dan Harmon is your man. Thanks very much, everybody. We love you.
Well, if you don't play the blues, you don't play no rock and roll.
So if you don't play the blues, yes. You said we don't know the definition of rock and roll, oh my
girl. Rock and roll's a-jumping. Yeah, to the core of his soul. Oh my god. Rock is there. Rock is
there. Rock is there. Rock is there. I talk to my friend. But that's what he said. That's what I said.
Who is he? Who is he? My other friend? Rock is there. No. No rock and roll is there. Oh my god.
Let me solo.
Mercury friend. Muscle car. Grateful dead. The lord of the ring. Zeppelin' red. The devil touch
you. There is it. It's all over. Yeah, oh, rock and roll is there. Oh my god. Let me do another
solo.
Oh
started with blues. Barely a lead. Then there was hellish. Making some bed. The
Beatles arrived. Started to shred. Axel rose. Rock is there.
Oh
take that big chain out of my head because the rock and roll is a-jumping.
It is all over. I can't roll this thing. One more time. It's all over.
Rock and roll is there. Two more times. It's all over.
I said, but now I'm rock and roll. I said, but now I'm rock and roll. Yeah.